Various copy fixes (#477)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: articles/the-source-editor.mdx

  <comp.DataReferenceRow label="source_editor.theme" type_markdown="String">
    This key defines the color theme for syntax highlighting in the Source Editor.

>     Value can be one of the following: `ambiance` `chaos` `chrome` `clouds` `clouds_midnight` `cobalt` `crimson_editor` `dawn` `dracula` `dreamweaver` `eclipse` `github` `gob` `gruvbox` `idle_fingers` `iplastic` `katzenmilch` `kr_theme` `kuroir` `merbivore` `merbivore_soft` `mono_industrial` `monokai` `nord_dark` `pastel_on_dark` `solarized_dark` `solarized_light` `sqlserver` `terminal` `textmate` `tomorrow` `tomorrow_night` `tomorrow_night_blue` `tomorrow_night_bright` `tomorrow_night_eighties` `twilight` `vibrant_ink` `xcode`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Value can be one of the following: `atomone` `basic_light` `basic_dark` `darcula` `dracula` `duotone_light` `duotone_dark` `eclipse` `github_dark` `github_light` `gruvbox_dark` `gruvbox_light` `material_dark` `material_light` `solarized_dark` `solarized_light` `sublime` `tokyo_night` `tokyo_night_day` `tokyo_night_storm` `tomorrow_night_blue` `vscode_dark` `vscode_light` `xcode_dark` `xcode_light`
```

>     By default, this key is `monokai`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, this key is `basic_dark`.
```
